final updates for onetrust before going public (#4602)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/onetrust/index.md

## Events

The following table lists events that OneTrust sends to Segment. These events show up as tables in your Warehouse and as regular events in your other Destinations.

|  Event Name | Description |
|  ------ | ------ |

> | Consent Updated | User has given or withdrawn consent for an express purpose |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Consent Updated | The user gave or withdrew consent for an express purpose. |
```

## Event Properties

The following table lists event properties included with all events Segment receives from Braze.

|  Property Name | Type | Description |
|  ------ | ------ | ------ |

> | Purpose ID | string | GUID assigned to the purpose in OneTrust |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Purpose ID | string | The GUID assigned to the purpose in OneTrust. |
```

> | Purpose Name | string | Name given to the purpose in OneTrust for which the user is giving or withdrawing their consent |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Purpose Name | string | The name given to the purpose in OneTrust for which the user is gives or withdraws their consent. |
```

> | Purpose Name | string | Name given to the purpose in OneTrust for which the user is giving or withdrawing their consent |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Purpose Name | string | The name given to the purpose in OneTrust for which the user gives or withdraws their consent. |
```

> | Status | string | Current status of the users consent after the update. Options include ACTIVE, WITHDRAWN, PENDING, OPT_OUT, EXPIRED, NO_CONSENT, HARD_OPT_OUT, and NOT_OPTED_OUT |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Status | string | The current status of the users consent after the update. Options include ACTIVE, WITHDRAWN, PENDING, OPT_OUT, EXPIRED, NO_CONSENT, HARD_OPT_OUT, and NOT_OPTED_OUT. |
```
